README.md, before:

# README-Generator

## Description

A node inquirer app that allows the user to input data that fills out a professional readme.md

* Wanted to make a simple program to create readme.md files without having to worry about markdown syntax.
* Creates a markdown file with proper syntax. Headings, lists, etc.
* Throughout this project I learned how to impliment the inquirer program in Node. This was my first project using Node.


## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

Files can be cloned from my github repository. To initialize run 'node index' in the terminal and respond to the questions.

## Usage

Program should be used to create a readme.md file to then attach to users own project.

## Credits

Used starter code package from UCF bootcamp program.


## License
MIT License is listed in LICENSE file

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)



## How to Contribute

Reach out to me to collaborate using my [Github](https://github.com/bmurfield) or
[Email](https://bmurfield@gmail.com)

Commit message:

Added link to video of the app working

README.md, after:

# README-Generator

## Description

A node inquirer app that allows the user to input data that fills out a professional readme.md

* Wanted to make a simple program to create readme.md files without having to worry about markdown syntax.
* Creates a markdown file with proper syntax. Headings, lists, etc.
* Throughout this project I learned how to impliment the inquirer program in Node. This was my first project using Node.


## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

Files can be cloned from my github repository. To initialize run 'node index' in the terminal and respond to the questions.

## Usage

Program should be used to create a readme.md file to then attach to users own project.

## Credits

Used starter code package from UCF bootcamp program.


## License

MIT License is listed in LICENSE file

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Examples

Here is a link to a video of the application in action:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1TPyhlGXWn3JdqjgfLQl0GAO54ap0_MNl/view

## How to Contribute

Reach out to me to collaborate using my [Github](https://github.com/bmurfield) or
email me at bmurfield@gmail.com.
